I'm just all things,
keep me growing up,
That leaves me alone.
Yes, I didn’t know what was going on at the time?
I have obviously been living as a wanderer for several years,
This is too cool a gas speaker,
Okay, with a kid like him,
Is this the third child?
Yeah, especially today,
That's too much of a lie. It's just a different accountant.
And you, let us also be money,
That says so much,
Then we live first,
How is it possible, one is me,
It can't be Dijun, my dad is a bit educated
Let me see that love number is yellow
Anyway, I have some favors with him and asked me to go.
He dare not do this
Anyway, I am independent
He is definitely not Ji Jun
How can he get it
You saw it too
He is definitely him
Who really has a family?
You are the real one
Let me ask clearly
We must never let him go
The Zhou family doesn’t take the place of others, right?
Why don't you buy the best for others? You don't want to
It doesn’t matter whether the house is good or not
As long as you are here
That's the best place to press pot